Update ref-crds.md from main (#188)
rancher/fleet-docs: docs/ref-crds.md

#### Bundle

> Bundle contains the resources of an application and its deployment options. It will be deployed as a Helm chart to target clusters.\n\nWhen a GitRepo is scanned it will produce one or more bundles. Bundles are a collection of resources that get deployed to one or more cluster(s). Bundle is the fundamental deployment unit used in Fleet. The contents of a Bundle may be Kubernetes manifests, Kustomize configuration, or Helm charts. Regardless of the source the contents are dynamically rendered into a Helm chart by the agent and installed into the downstream cluster as a Helm release.

Reviewer: The `\n\n` looks strange.
Also having all this information in a single line is hard to read.

> Bundle contains the resources of an application and its deployment options. It will be deployed as a Helm chart to target clusters.\n\nWhen a GitRepo is scanned it will produce one or more bundles. Bundles are a collection of resources that get deployed to one or more cluster(s). Bundle is the fundamental deployment unit used in Fleet. The contents of a Bundle may be Kubernetes manifests, Kustomize configuration, or Helm charts. Regardless of the source the contents are dynamically rendered into a Helm chart by the agent and installed into the downstream cluster as a Helm release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bundle contains the resources of an application and its deployment options. It will be deployed as a Helm chart to target clusters.

When a GitRepo is scanned it will produce one or more bundles. Bundles are a collection of resources that get deployed to one or more cluster(s).

Bundle is the fundamental deployment unit used in Fleet. The contents of a Bundle may be Kubernetes manifests, Kustomize configuration, or Helm charts. Regardless of the source the contents are dynamically rendered into a Helm chart by the agent and installed into the downstream cluster as a Helm release.
```

| ----- | ----------- | ------ | -------- |
| lastSeen | LastSeen is the last time the agent checked in to update the status of the cluster resource. | metav1.Time | true |
| namespace | Namespace is the namespace of the agent deployment, e.g. \"cattle-fleet-system\". | string | true |

> | nonReadyNodes | NonReadyNodes is the number of nodes that are not ready. | int | true |

Reviewer: Why are these elements dropped ?

This looks like we're breaking the API 🤔
